Translation corrections (#439)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/ura_010.txt

//r電話口の向こうの人間は、単純に礼奈が昔の友達と話が弾んで、学校も休むくらいに盛り上がっているのだと理解したことだろう。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "電話口の向こうの人間は、単純に礼奈が昔の友達と話が弾んで、学校も休むくらいに盛り上がっているのだと理解したことだろう。",

> 			NULL, "The person on the other end of the phone probably understood that Reina was simply catching up with an old friend so much that it was worth taking a day off school.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "The person on the other end of the phone probably understood that Reina was simply catching up with an old friend, and having so much fun it was worth taking a day off school.", Line_Normal);
```

//r戒名の難しい漢字の羅列は、どういう意味なのか知らない。…知りたくもない。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "戒名の難しい漢字の羅列は、どういう意味なのか知らない。…知りたくもない。",

> 			NULL, "Several difficult kanji were spelled out there detailing a posthumous name, but she didn't understand what it meant. ...She didn't want to.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Several difficult kanji were spelled out there detailing a posthumous name, but she didn't understand what they meant. ...She didn't want to.", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"I wanted to apologize for so, so long...!", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 2, "ps3/s14/02/vt4bb_rena1168", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　ひどいことしてごめんなさい、酷いこと言って、黙っていなくなって…！",

> 			NULL, " To apologize for the terrible things I did, for the awful things I said, and leaving without saying a word...! ", GetGlobalFlag(GLinemodeSp));

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " To apologize for the terrible things I did, for the awful things I said, and for leaving without saying a word...! ", GetGlobalFlag(GLinemodeSp));
```

//r巴は首を振る。彼女は警察官であって、復讐者ではない。その違いは犯罪者を捕まえること以外にも、大事な役割を果たす義務を持つことだった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "巴は首を振る。彼女は警察官であって、復讐者ではない。その違いは犯罪者を捕まえること以外にも、大事な役割を果たす義務を持つことだった。",

> 			NULL, "Tomoe shook her head. She was a police officer, not an avenger. The difference between them was that there were other important duties she had a responsibility to fulfill apart from catching criminals.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Tomoe shook her head. She was a police officer, not an avenger. The difference between them was that there were other important duties she had a responsibility to fulfill beyond catching criminals.", Line_Normal);
```

//r…悲しみの数だけ、人は他人に優しくなれるものだと誰かが言っていた。それはきっと、悲しい思いをしている人の気持ちに対して、素直に同情できるからなのだろう。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "…悲しみの数だけ、人は他人に優しくなれるものだと誰かが言っていた。それはきっと、悲しい思いをしている人の気持ちに対して、素直に同情できるからなのだろう。",

> 			NULL, "...Someone once said the more sorrows there are, the kinder people can be to others. Probably because only then can you truly sympathize with the feelings of sadness in another.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "...Someone once said the more sorrows you experience, the kinder you can be to others. Probably because only then can you truly sympathize with the feelings of sadness in another.", Line_Normal);
```
